New api docs structure (#1379)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/api-inference/index.md

# Serverless Inference API

**Instant Access to 800,000+ ML Models for Fast Prototyping**

Explore the most popular models for text, image, speech, and more — all with a simple API request. Build, test, and experiment without worrying about infrastructure or setup.

---

## Why use the Inference API?

The Serverless Inference API offers a fast and free way to explore thousands of models for a variety of tasks. Whether you're prototyping a new application or experimenting with ML capabilities, this API gives you instant access to high-performing models across multiple domains:

* **Text Generation:** Including large language models and tool-calling prompts, generate and experiment with high-quality responses.
* **Image Generation:** Easily create customized images, including LoRAs for your own styles.
* **Document Embeddings:** Build search and retrieval systems with SOTA embeddings.
* **Classical AI Tasks:** Ready-to-use models for text classification, image classification, speech recognition, and more.

TODO: add some flow chart image

> ⚡ **Fast and Free to Get Started**: The Inference API is free with rate limits. For production needs, explore [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-endpoints/index) for dedicated resources, autoscaling, advanced security features, and more.

Reviewer: Mention increased PRO rate limits?

Author: Added!

> ⚡ **Fast and Free to Get Started**: The Inference API is free with rate limits. For production needs, explore [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-endpoints/index) for dedicated resources, autoscaling, advanced security features, and more.

Reviewer: Link to the service instead of the docs?

Author: Done!

---

## Key Benefits

- 🚀 **Instant Prototyping:** Access powerful models without setup.
- 🎯 **Diverse Use Cases:** One API for text, image, and beyond.
- 🔧 **Developer-Friendly:** Simple requests, fast responses.

---

## Contents

The documentation is organized into two sections:

* **Quick Overview** Learn the basics of how to use the Inference API.
* **Detailed Parameters** Dive deep into task-specific settings and parameters.

---

## Looking for custom support from the Hugging Face team?

<a target="_blank" href="https://huggingface.co/support">
    <img alt="HuggingFace Expert Acceleration Program" src="https://cdn-media.huggingface.co/marketing/transformers/new-support-improved.png" style="max-width: 600px; border: 1px solid #eee; border-radius: 4px; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05);">

> </a><br>

Reviewer 2: You mentioned removing this banner I think

Author: After thinking more through it I think it's ok to leave

# Serverless Inference API

> **Instant Access to 800,000+ ML Models for Fast Prototyping**

Reviewer 3: It's not 800,000 models

```suggestion
**Instant Access to thousands of ML Models for Fast Prototyping**
```
